hi I'm Tom Haas I'm glad that you've
come here to check out this video
obviously you're here because you want
to teach guitar and I'm going to assume
that you want to get better at teaching
guitar you want to get better at helping
students develop into greater players
faster more effectively I'm also going
to assume that you want to inspire
people so that your students feel
fulfilled and happy and excited and
enthusiastic about studying guitar with
you and I'm also going to assume here
that you'd like to make a lot more money
teaching guitar than you are right now
fortunately all of those goals are
possible and not only are they possible
but it's possible to achieve all of them
at the same time with the same set of
strategies so if you think about
becoming a more effective teacher or
inspiring students more or making a lot
more money those might seem like they're
related of course but that there are
that they're different goals there are
three distinct goals but they're really
not they can all be integrated together
and it starts with your first your
teaching skills your teaching abilities
second and probably more importantly it
goes into your ability to inspire and
motivate students over long periods of
time not just for the hour that they're
sitting in a chair in front of you in
the lesson that motivation must sustain
and perpetuate for years and years and
third you need to have specific systems
and teaching models that are effective
and not only helping the students reach
goals but also allow you to grow your
teaching business on a much much greater
level most teachers think that the best
way to teach students is through a
private one-on-one lesson only that's
false yes it is false private lessons
are a great tool they're a great model
and in some learning situations
they may be the best way to approach a
specific topic or a specific challenge
or with a specific type of student but
frankly there are many other benefits to
teaching in other formats other than
private one-on-one private guitar
lessons now you might be thinking well
what else is there if you're not
teaching private one-on-one then you
must be teaching a class of some kind
right a group of people and what happens
is music teachers and oftentimes music
students just make this assumption
without really thinking it through
understanding that the one on one
individual attention is always going to
be superior than one teaching too many
and I'm here to tell you that is not
always true in some situations in some
learning environments in some topics the
class format is actually superior not
only in terms of your ability to make a
lot more money but just as importantly
for the overall benefit of the students
that you're teaching in addition to
those two there are several other
teaching models besides just simply
teaching a group of people or teaching
one-on-one private lessons there are
other things that exist that can help
you to synthesize all the benefits of
each type on top of that there are
specific ways in which you can rotate
the format of the learning environment
for the students you don't always have
to teach people one-on-one you don't
always have to teach people in a group
setting there are ways to rotate these
different formats together as well as
mix in other ones what I want to talk to
you about to get started right now today
is on your specific strengths and
weaknesses both as a music teacher or as
a guitar teacher and in your ability to
make additional money while helping more
people at the same time please come to
my website there's a link below in which
I've provided for you a great free
resource for you to test and rate
yourself on your
strengths weaknesses once you take this
test I will then provide to you also for
free some specific individual feedback
on how you scored in each area this is
very valuable to you it's going to give
you a new sense of clarity about where
you're really strong and what areas you
might need to improve on and more
specifically on some ways in which
you're going to be able to do that it's
going to save you months perhaps years
of just discovering these things trial
and error by yourself take the shortcut
let me help you through this process